Fix for random phase value bug in PyChop (#37805)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.11.0/Direct_Geometry/General/Bugfixes/37805.rst

> - Fix for random phase values on Merlin when using PyChop not in instrument scientist mode.

Reviewer: Could we include a link to the docs here?
```suggestion
- Random phase values are no longer used on Merlin when using :ref:`PyChop` with instrument scientist mode disabled.
```
